Which messaging service enables an event-driven programming model?
CO Notification Hub

1-O Event Hub

2- event Grid


3- Service Bus


qual numero correto
You are selecting Azure technologies for a new app that will process print jobs in a facility with thousands of printers. A pool of worker processes will
send jobs to printer and report results when jobs are complete. Requirements for the solution are: Worker processes will retrieve and process
messages as capacity permits; if a worker process or printer fails, a worker process should be able to retrieve message and resume processing; and
the solution should maintain a central (server-side) log of messages processed. Which solution should you use?
1-Service Bus

2-Queue Storage

3-Event Grid

4-Event Hub

You have a set of SQL databases used with various PaaS applications with predictable usage patterns. You are planning to move these databases to
Azure SQL and need to choose the right deployment option. Your priorities are minimizing costs, and having the ability to assign CPU and storage
resources to individual databases. Which option should you choose?

1-Azure SQL Database

2-SQL Managed Instance

3-Azure SQL elastic pool

4-SQL on Azure VMs


You need to host a community website for your neighborhood association. The site contains static content, including HTML, CSS, and a few pages
with client-side JavaScript. The site contains no sensitive information, and CORS support is unnecessary. The association has limited funds to pay for
hosting, so the solution should be as inexpensive as possible. Which option should you use?


1-App Service on a Consumption plan

2-static website with Azure CDN

3-Azure Storage static website

4-App Service on a Standard plan

Your microservices application includes a logging component that performs a large number of sequential writes. Which type of Azure Storage should
you use?

1-append blob

2-page blob

3-Table storage

4-block blob

You need to configure user access to Azure DevOps agent pools to meet the following requirements: Use an agent pool when authoring build or
release pipelines for the project; view the agent pool and agents of the organization; and use the principle of least privilege. Which role memberships
are required for the Azure DevOps organization and the project?

1-Organization: Reader Project: Service Account

2-Organization: Administrator
Project: Service Account

3-Organization: Reader
Project: Administrator

4-Organization: Service Account
Project: Reader

You need to create a tech support chatbot for Microsoft Teams that interacts with users based on natural language processing (NLP). The bot should
be capable of processing differing sentence structures. Which Microsoft Bot Framework component will deliver this functionality?


1-LUIS

2-QnA Maker

3-Form Recognizer

4-Text to Speech

You need to provision a port mapping on the underlying node that allows the application to be accessed directly with the IP address and port on the
cluster node. Which service type should you provision?

1-ExternalName

2-Cluster IP

3-NodePort

4-LoadBalancer

You need to populate a newly created SQL database from your release pipeline in Azure DevOps. The solution should minimize deployment time and
deployment errors. Which approach should you use?

1-Populate from a SQL file.

2-Populate from a CSV file.

3-Restore from a backup file.

4-Populate from a BACPAC file.

You are configuring a release pipeline in Azure DevOps. You need to reference several application variables across multiple pipelines at deployment
time. How should you store application variables?

1-Configure a variable group.

2-Store secrets in Azure Key Vault.

3-Configure release variables.

4-Store secrets in a configuration file.

You are deploying three Azure VMs with an Azure Resource Manager (ARM) template. Which ARM function implements the iteration loop to provision
the right number of VMs?

"type": "Microsoft .compute/virtualMachines",

 

name": “[concat(‘myvm', Va%y
“apiVersion": "2016-04-30-preview",
“location”: "[parameters('location')]",
“copy”: {

"name": "virtualMachineLoop",

“count": “[parameters('numberOfInstances')]"

br

1-createArray()

2-copyIndex()

3-max()

4-indexOf ()

The Kineteco Inventory App uses an Azure SQL Database instance to store application and store inventory data. Store employees report occasional
periods where queries in the web interface never return data. You suspect a database issue and need to identify the performance issue as soon as
possible. The resource health dashboard reports "No health related issues found." What should you do?

1-Enable Intelligent Insights.

2-Configure App Insights to alert admins when web interface experiences latency.

3-Run the troubleshooting wizards under Resource and solve problems.

Configure an alert rule to email DBAs when DTU usage hits 100%.

What is the difference between a user-assigned managed identity and a system-assigned managed identity?

2-The lifecycle of a system-managed identity is managed separately from the resource.

3-The lifecycle of a user-managed identity is managed separately from the resource.

4-With a system-assigned managed identity, Azure manages the password for you.

5-With a user-assigned managed identity, Azure manages the password for you.


You have created an Azure CLI script for a release pipeline in Azure DevOps. You need to reference the working directory for the running job. Which
variable should you reference?


1-Agent .WorkFolder

2-Agent .BuildDirectory

3-Agent .ToolsDirectory

4-Agent .HomeDirectory

Your web app hosted on Azure VMs generates a large number of random (non-sequential) writes. Which storage type should you select for your
application?

1-queue storage

2-page blob

3-block blob

4-table storage

